docs(tem): add wordpress plugin tuto (#3110)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/configure-tem-smtp-with-wordpress-plugin/index.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Configuring the WordPress SMTP plug-in with Transactional Email

>   description: This page shows you how to configure the WordPress SMTPplug-in and use it with Transactional Email

Author: ```suggestion
  description: This page shows you how to configure the WordPress SMTP plug-in and use it with Transactional Email
```

- [Configured your domain with Transactional Email](/managed-services/transactional-email/how-to/configure-domain-with-transactional-email/)
- [Added SPF, DKIM](/managed-services/transactional-email/how-to/add-spf-dkim-records-to-your-domain/), [MX](/managed-services/transactional-email/how-to/add-mx-record-to-your-domain/) and [DMARC](/managed-services/transactional-email/how-to/add-mx-record-to-your-domain/) records to your domain

## Creating your resources

1. [Create an API key](/identity-and-access-management/iam/how-to/create-api-keys/) from the Scaleway console. Make sure that you take note of your secret key.
2. [Create an Instance](/compute/instances/how-to/create-an-instance/) with a **WordPress** image from the **InstantApps** tab.
3. [Create](/compute/instances/how-to/use-security-groups/#how-to-create-a-security-group) a security group, check the **Enable SMTP ports** box, click **+ Add Instance**, and select your Instance in the drop-down.

## Configuring and logging in to your WordPress website

> 4. Copy your Instance's Public DNS and paste it into a web browser, then hit `Enter`. The WordPress language configuration page displays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Copy your Instance's public DNS and paste it into a web browser, then hit `Enter`. The WordPress language configuration page displays.
```

> 4. Copy your Instance's public DNS and paste it into a web browser, then hit `Enter`. The WordPress language configuration page displays.
> 5. Select your preferred language, then click **Continue**. The WordPress installation page displays.
>     <Lightbox src="scaleway-wordpress-welcome-page.webp" alt="WordPress installation page where you can configure your website's title, your username, password, email, and more" />
> 6. Configure your WordPress website, then click **Install WordPress**. A confirmation page displays.
> 7. Log in to your WordPress website using the credentials you have created.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Copy your Instance's public DNS and paste it into a web browser, then hit `Enter`. The WordPress language configuration page displays.
2. Select your preferred language, then click **Continue**. The WordPress installation page displays.
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-wordpress-welcome-page.webp" alt="WordPress installation page where you can configure your website's title, your username, password, email, and more" />
3. Configure your WordPress website, then click **Install WordPress**. A confirmation page displays.
4. Log in to your WordPress website using the credentials you have created.
```

## Installing the WordPress plug-in

1. Click **Plugins** in the WordPress left-side menu. The **Installed Plugins** section displays.
2. Click the **Add New Plugin** section.
3. Type `WP Mail SMTP` in the search bar in the top right-hand corner.
4. Click **Install Now** and wait until you see the **Installed** status.
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-wp-mail-smtp.webp" width="" alt="" />
5. Click **Installed Plugins** and check that the plug-in appears in the list of your plugins.
6. Click **Activate** under the plug-in.

## Configuring the WordPress plug-in

1. Hover over **WP Mail SMTP** in the WordPress left-side menu, and click **Settings**. You are redirected to the **General** tab.

> 2. Click the **Launch Setup Wizard** to configure the plug-in. You are redirected to the WP Mail SMTP welcome page.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Click the **Launch Setup Wizard** button to configure the plug-in. You are redirected to the WP Mail SMTP welcome page.
```
